Improve doc for task_description to highlight its importance to synthetic data generation (#1083)
instructlab/taxonomy: README.md

Taxonomy skill files must be a valid [YAML](https://yaml.org/) file named `qna.yaml`. Each `qna.yaml` files contains a set of key/value entries with the following keys:

> - `task_description`: A description of the skill. This information is very critical and should be accurate. You should be able to mention `precise` to get precise generated data **Required**

Reviewer: I don't think this is true. I thought `task_description` was just for humans to understand what this was for, nothing to do with the sdg?

Reviewer 2: This is not true. The task_description is part of the prompt to the teacher model, so it is very important. I need to propose some improved wording here.

Reviewer: Ah! maybe i crossed the wire with `domain` then? Thanks for the clarification.

Reviewer 2: Well it turns out domain is important too (but for knowledge). So we need to make improvements to that part of the readme too.

> - `task_description`: A description of the skill. This information is very critical and should be accurate. You should be able to mention `precise` to get precise generated data **Required**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `task_description`: A description of the skill.
This description is included in the prompt to the teacher model for generating the synthetic data.
So you should make sure to use an accurate and sufficiently detailed description to guide the teacher model.
The description can include instructions such as being precise or using brief answers. **Required**
```

Reviewer 2: @skairali Can you also look to make sure that task_description under knowledge is also updated to match this?
